com/example/kidi2/CustomPagerAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.CustomPagerAdapter
com/example/kidi2/Status.java
 com.example.kidi2.Status
com/example/kidi2/ViewPagerItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.ViewPagerItem
com/example/kidi2/Gender.java
 com.example.kidi2.Gender
com/example/kidi2/Kid.java
 com.example.kidi2.Kid
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPI.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPI
com/example/kidi2/DataModelKid.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelKid
com/example/kidi2/RVitem3.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem3
com/example/kidi2/RecyclerItemClickListener.java
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener$1
 com.example.kidi2.RecyclerItemClickListener$OnItemClickListener
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIGrp2
com/example/kidi2/RetroFitAPI2.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetroFitAPI2
com/example/kidi2/ParentGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.ParentGrp2
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPI4.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPI4
com/example/kidi2/DataModelCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelCourse
com/example/kidi2/Parent.java
 com.example.kidi2.Parent
com/example/kidi2/RVitem1.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem1
com/example/kidi2/SliderTransformer.java
 com.example.kidi2.SliderTransformer
com/example/kidi2/DataModelParent.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModelParent
com/example/kidi2/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.kidi2.BuildConfig
com/example/kidi2/Course.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course
com/example/kidi2/DataModel.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataModel
com/example/kidi2/RetroFitAPI3.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetroFitAPI3
com/example/kidi2/Course1.java
 com.example.kidi2.Course1
com/example/kidi2/Category.java
 com.example.kidi2.Category
com/example/kidi2/KidGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidGrp2
com/example/kidi2/Day.java
 com.example.kidi2.Day
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitClientGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitClientGrp2
com/example/kidi2/RVitem.java
 com.example.kidi2.RVitem
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPILoginScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPILoginScreen
com/example/kidi2/RetrofitAPIThirdParentReg.java
 com.example.kidi2.RetrofitAPIThirdParentReg
com/example/kidi2/algorithm_spinner.java
 com.example.kidi2.algorithm_spinner
com/example/kidi2/SliderAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.SliderAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.SliderAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/ThirdScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdScreen
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdScreen$1
com/example/kidi2/AdapterRV.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdapterRV
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/ModelObject.java
 com.example.kidi2.ModelObject
com/example/kidi2/RvAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.RvAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/KidName.java
 com.example.kidi2.KidName
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$1
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$2
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$3
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$4
 com.example.kidi2.KidName$5
com/example/kidi2/Activity.java
 com.example.kidi2.Activity
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$1
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$2
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$3
 com.example.kidi2.Activity$4
com/example/kidi2/FirstParentRegReal.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentRegReal$2
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmItem.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmItem
com/example/kidi2/HomeLogin.java
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$1
 com.example.kidi2.HomeLogin$2
com/example/kidi2/MainActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivity
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivity$1
com/example/kidi2/AdminSetCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$1$1$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminSetCourse$4
com/example/kidi2/VPAdapter2.java
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter2
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter2$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/DialogAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$1
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$2
 com.example.kidi2.DialogAdapter$3
com/example/kidi2/TermsOfService.java
 com.example.kidi2.TermsOfService
 com.example.kidi2.TermsOfService$1
com/example/kidi2/PrivacyPolicy.java
 com.example.kidi2.PrivacyPolicy
 com.example.kidi2.PrivacyPolicy$1
com/example/kidi2/AlgorithmAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.AlgorithmAdapter
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter3.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter3
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter3$MyViewHolder3
com/example/kidi2/AdminAddCourse.java
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$2
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$3
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$4
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$5
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$5$1
 com.example.kidi2.AdminAddCourse$6
com/example/kidi2/ThirdParentRegActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$1
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$2
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$3
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$4
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$5
 com.example.kidi2.ThirdParentRegActivity$6
com/example/kidi2/VPAdapter.java
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter
 com.example.kidi2.VPAdapter$ViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/MyAdapter1.java
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter1
 com.example.kidi2.MyAdapter1$MyViewHolder
com/example/kidi2/MainActivityGrp2.java
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivityGrp2
 com.example.kidi2.MainActivityGrp2$1
com/example/kidi2/DataKid.java
 com.example.kidi2.DataKid
com/example/kidi2/LogInScreenActivity.java
 com.example.kidi2.LogInScreenActivity
 com.example.kidi2.LogInScreenActivity$1
com/example/kidi2/FirstScreen.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$2
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$3
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$4
 com.example.kidi2.FirstScreen$5
com/example/kidi2/FirstParentReg.java
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$1
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$2
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$3
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$4
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$5
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$6
 com.example.kidi2.FirstParentReg$7
